fix: make Time immutable (#6771)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/installation/upgrade_430.rst

- ``ValidationInterface`` has been changed. Implemented classes should likewise add the methods and the parameters so as not to break LSP. See :ref:`v430-validation-changes` for details.
- The return value of  ``Validation::loadRuleGroup()`` has been changed ``null`` to ``[]`` when the ``$group`` is empty. Update the code if you depend on the behavior.

Time Fixes
==========

> Due to bug fixes, some methods in :doc:`Time <../libraries/time>` has been changed the behavior from mutable to immutable. See :ref:`ChangeLog <v430-time-fix>` for details.

Reviewer: I think the other issue is that now `$time = Time::now(); $time instanceof DateTime` will fail:
```suggestion
Due to bug fixes, some methods in :doc:`Time <../libraries/time>` have changed from mutable behavior to immutable; ``Time`` now extends ``DateTimeImmutable``. See :ref:`ChangeLog <v430-time-fix>` for details.
```

Author: Added explanation code.
